Adding model vendor support (#205)
validmind/documentation: site/guide/supported-models.qmd

: - Classification: Categorizes input into predefined classes.
- Text summarization: Generates concise summaries from longer texts.

:::{.callout-tip}

> ValidMind offers support for both first-party models and [third-party vendor models](https://docs.validmind.ai/about/glossary/glossary.html#vendor-model).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ValidMind offers support for both first-party models and [third-party vendor models](../about/glossary/glossary.qmd#vendor-model).
```
